added a cross reference about correlating logs. (#13395)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-core.md

`DD_LOGS_INJECTION`
: **TracerSettings property**: `LogsInjectionEnabled` <br>
Enables or disables automatic injection of correlation identifiers into application logs.<br/>

> Note that your logger needs to have a `source` that set to the `trace_id` mapping properly. The default source for .NET Applications, `csharp` does this automatically. For more information [see the FAQ on correlation troubleshooting](/tracing/faq/why-cant-i-see-my-correlated-logs-in-the-trace-id-panel.md#trace_id-option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your logger needs to have a `source` that sets the `trace_id` mapping correctly. The default source for .NET Applications, `csharp`, does this automatically. For more information [see the FAQ on correlation troubleshooting](/tracing/faq/why-cant-i-see-my-correlated-logs-in-the-trace-id-panel.md#trace_id-option).
```

> Note that your logger needs to have a `source` that set to the `trace_id` mapping properly. The default source for .NET Applications, `csharp` does this automatically. For more information [see the FAQ on correlation troubleshooting](/tracing/faq/why-cant-i-see-my-correlated-logs-in-the-trace-id-panel.md#trace_id-option).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your logger needs to have a `source` that sets the `trace_id` mapping correctly. The default source for .NET Applications, `csharp`, does this automatically. For more information [see the FAQ on correlation troubleshooting](/tracing/faq/why-cant-i-see-my-correlated-logs-in-the-trace-id-panel.md#trace_id-option).
```
